- Okay, tWitch is going to ask
us each to name three things,
like three peppers,
and we only have five seconds
to answer it
and then hit this button,
and it stops the clock.
So we only have five seconds
to name whatever three things.
and I'll start--I'll go first,
and we'll take turns.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- All right.
- Here we go.
Ellen, name three flowers.
- A daisy, a rose, a peony.
- Whoo! All right.
- Oh, boy.
- 3.2 seconds, thank you.
- Name three talk show hosts.
- Three talk show hosts.
Uh, Jimmy Kimmel,
Jimmy Fallon, Ellen DeGeneres.
- Boom.
All right.
Name three green foods.
- Uh, lettuce, broccoli,
asparagus.
- Whoo.
Name three female country
singers.
- Reba McEntire, Kelly Clarkson,
Taylor Swift.
- Nice.
(audience) Ooh.
All right, name--
- They crossover, too.
They crossover, too.
[audience laughter]
- They do, they do.
- Name three famous Michaels.
- Uh, Michael Douglas,
Michael Jackson,
Michael Buble.
- Whoo!
(audience) Whoo!
All right.
Name three characters
in "The Hunger Games."
- Katniss Everdeen,
Peeta Mellark,
and, uh, Effie Trinket.
- Boom, whoo.
[cheers and applause]
A close one.
- Whoo!
- Name three comedians.
- Amy Schumer, Kevin Hart,
Will Farrell.
[buzzer sounds]
- Oh!
- [cheers]
[cheers and applause]
- Where are you going?
- You were almost there!
- What does that mean?
- But isn't it commendable
that she didn't say herself,
you know what I mean?
- Little bit, little bit.
- That's right.
- It's commendable.
- That's cheating.
And they were longer names
than I should have--
I should have--
[laughter]
[audience laughter]
- Okay.
Name three nicknames for
a woman's private parts.
(audience) Oh!
- Vajayjay,
down under and Susie.
[audience laughter]
- What?
- Susie, I call mine Susie.
[audience laughter]
- Susie.
- Susie!
- What?
[audience laughter]
- I thought that was a thing.
That's not a thing?
- Yep.
- [laughs]
[audience laughter]
All right.
Name three sitcoms.
- Uh, uh...
"Modern Family," "Friends,"
"Cheers."
- Boom.
- Old school.
- Oh!
- Name three Madonna songs.
- "Like a Virgin," "Holiday"...
Uh, [stammering], ah!
[buzzer sounds]
[screams]
- Oh!
- We're tied!
"Pitch Perfect 2" opens
in theaters this Friday.